adding a jinja2 example to the interactive HTML export (#4472)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/interactive-html-export.md

By default, the resulting HTML file is a fully self-contained HTML file which can be uploaded to a web server or shared via email or other file-sharing mechanisms. The downside to this approach is that the file is very large (5Mb+) because it contains an inlined copy of the Plotly.js library required to make the figure interactive. This can be controlled via the `include_plotlyjs` argument (see below).

### Inserting Plotly Output into HTML using a Jinja2 Template

> You can insert Plotly output and text related to your data into HTML templates using Jinja2.   Use `.to_html` to send the HTML to a Python string variable rather using write_html to send the HTML to  a disk file.  Use the `full_html=False` option to output just the code necessary to add a figure to a template that will provide e.g. the `<HTML>` tag rather than asking Plotly to ouput a complete webpage.  First create an HTML template file containing a Jinja `{{ variable }}`.  In this example, we customize the HTML in the template file by replacing the Jinja variable `{{ fig }}` with our graphic `fig`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can insert Plotly output and text related to your data into HTML templates using Jinja2. Use `.to_html` to send the HTML to a Python string variable rather than using `write_html` to send the HTML to a disk file.  Use the `full_html=False` option to output just the code necessary to add a figure to a template. We don't want to output a full HTML page, as the template will define the rest of the page's structure — for example, the page's `HTML` and `BODY` tags.  First create an HTML template file containing a Jinja `{{ variable }}`.  In this example, we customize the HTML in the template file by replacing the Jinja variable `{{ fig }}` with our graphic `fig`. 
```
